# Experiment 2

## Contents

Processed data files are located in the [`data`](data) folder.
They are saved as `.fst` files, which can be read using the `fst` R package (see https://www.fstpackage.org/).

Analysis scripts (R / Rmd) are located in the [`analysis`](analysis) directory.
They are numbered in the intended order of execution.

Main scripts:
- [`01_collect_data.R`](analysis/01_collect_data.R) reads in the raw CSV files and creates usable data frames for the rest of the analysis.
- [`02_calculate_model_estimates_session1.R`](analysis/02_calculate_model_estimates_session1.R) reconstructs the relevant parameter values of the adaptive fact learning model (incl. rate of forgetting) for the data collected in session 1.
- [`03_generate_fact_predictions.R`](analysis/03_generate_fact_predictions.R) makes fact-level predictions of rate of forgetting to be used in the second session.
- [`04_calculate_model_estimates_session2.R`](analysis/04_calculate_model_estimates_session2.R) reconstructs the relevant parameter values of the adaptive fact learning model (incl. rate of forgetting) for the data collected in session 2.
- [`05_descriptive_stats.Rmd`](analysis/05_descriptive_stats.Rmd) is a notebook with descriptives of performance in both experimental sessions.
- [`06_test_effect_of_prediction.Rmd`](analysis/06_test_effect_of_prediction.Rmd) is a notebook testing the hypothesis (improved recall accuracy on test).
- [`07_exploratory_analysis.Rmd`](analysis/07_exploratory_analysis.Rmd) is a notebook with exploratory analysis of the factors underlying the results.
- [`08_visualisations.Rmd`](analysis/08_visualisations.Rmd) is a notebook containing visualisations of the results for use in presentations, papers, and on posters.

Supporting scripts:
- [`bayes_funs.R`](analysis/bayes_funs.R) implements the Bayesian model functions.
- [`slimstampen_model_funs.R`](analysis/slimstampen_model_funs.R) implements the adaptive fact learning model functions.
  

Figures generated by the analysis scripts can be found in the [`output`](output) folder.

The stimuli used in both sessions are located in the [`stimuli`](stimuli) directory. 
That directory also contains the R script ([`create_map_stimuli.R`](stimuli/create_map_stimuli.R)) used to generate the stimuli.

## OSF project page
[https://osf.io/snfyz/](https://osf.io/snfyz/)

## Preregistration
[https://osf.io/w4gtd](https://osf.io/w4gtd)
